index.md, before:

---
title: Trusted Analytics Platform (TAP) Documentation
keywords: Trusted Analytics Platform
tags:
  - Overview
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: index.html
summary: >-
  Welcome to the Trusted Analytics Platform version 0.8 documentation.
published: true
---

## Overview

The [Trusted Analytics Platform (TAP)](http://www.trustedanalytics.org) is an open source software platform for data scientists and application developers to build and operate domain-specific applications driven by data analysis at scale.

The Trusted Analytics Platform is dedicated to ensuring the security and integrity of big data storage and analytics. Read more about the [platform security features](Platform_security_features.md) created for TAP.  Visit the [TAP architecture documentation](taparchitechture.pdf) for more detailed information about design behind the platform.

##  Release Notes

You can find a short list of exciting additions and known bugs for this release on our [Release Notes](Release_notes.mdnote) page.

## UI Walk Through

TAP includes an intuitive user interface carefully designed around a data science and  application development collaborative workflow.  

|  |  |
|-------|--------|
| **Services Marketplace:** - The Trusted Analytics Platform offers a variety of services enabled for optimized cloud computing. Services include software to enable data analytics, app development and reliable system monitoring. | ![](/images/UI_marketplace_900x.gif) |
| ![](/images/UI_datacatalog_900x.gif) | **Data Catalog:** - Data ingestion and cataloging in a TAP platform is easy. With just a few clicks or commands you can ingest data once, schedule recurring data ingestion, work with streaming data or quickly find existing data sets. |
| **Model Catalog:** - Store any type of data model and make connections to supported model outputs for dynamic application builds.  | ![](/images/UI_modelcatalog_900x.gif) |
| ![](/images/UI_appcatalog_900x.gif)  | **Applications Catalog:** - Build, upload, run and repurpose any application to show streaming data, predictive analytics results, or take advantage of new IOT device output all from the TAP Applications Catalog. |
| **Platform Administration:** - Monitor your cloud service, keep track of user permissions for added security, ensure your platform is always running smoothly with TAP’s easy to use interface.  | ![](/images/UI_platformadmin_900x.gif) |



##  Getting Started

We provide use case examples to get you started with your TAP environment.  Visit our [community site](http://www.community.trustedanalytics.com) for workshops and tutorials that walk you through the TAP workflow.

Commit message:

Made edits based on Iman's comments
Changed "Walk Through" to "Walkthrough" and edited the model catalog

index.md, after:

---
title: Trusted Analytics Platform (TAP) Documentation
keywords: Trusted Analytics Platform
tags:
  - Overview
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: index.html
summary: >-
  Welcome to the Trusted Analytics Platform version 0.8 documentation.
published: true
---

## Overview

The [Trusted Analytics Platform (TAP)](http://www.trustedanalytics.org) is an open source software platform for data scientists and application developers to build and operate domain-specific applications driven by data analysis at scale.

The Trusted Analytics Platform is dedicated to ensuring the security and integrity of big data storage and analytics. Read more about the [platform security features](Platform_security_features.md) created for TAP.  Visit the [TAP architecture documentation](taparchitechture.pdf) for more detailed information about design behind the platform.

##  Release Notes

You can find a short list of exciting additions and known bugs for this release on our [Release Notes](Release_notes.mdnote) page.

## UI Walkthrough

TAP includes an intuitive user interface carefully designed around a data science and  application development collaborative workflow.  

|  |  |
|-------|--------|
| **Services Marketplace:** The Trusted Analytics Platform offers a variety of services enabled for optimized cloud computing. Services include software to enable data analytics, app development and reliable system monitoring. | ![](/images/UI_marketplace_900x.gif) |
| ![](/images/UI_datacatalog_900x.gif) | **Data Catalog:** Data ingestion and cataloging in a TAP platform is easy. With just a few clicks or commands you can ingest data once, schedule recurring data ingestion, work with streaming data or quickly find existing data sets. |
| **Model Catalog:** Store models and allow creating endpoints to use models within applications.  | ![](/images/UI_modelcatalog_900x.gif) |
| ![](/images/UI_appcatalog_900x.gif)  | **Applications Catalog:** Build, upload, run and repurpose any application to show streaming data, predictive analytics results, or take advantage of new IOT device output all from the TAP Applications Catalog. |
| **Platform Administration:** Monitor your cloud service, keep track of user permissions for added security, ensure your platform is always running smoothly with TAP’s easy to use interface.  | ![](/images/UI_platformadmin_900x.gif) |



##  Getting Started

We provide use case examples to get you started with your TAP environment.  Visit our [community site](http://www.community.trustedanalytics.com) for workshops and tutorials that walk you through the TAP workflow.
